docs: Update Config Validator design (#1103)
platform-platform/monorepo: metrics/ci_integrations/docs/04_ci_integrations_config_validator.md

### Main interfaces and classes

Let's start with the necessary abstractions. Consider the following classes:

> - A `ValidationResult` is a class that holds the validation results on each config's field.
> - A `ConfigField` is a class that represents a single config's field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A `ValidationResult` is a class that holds the validation results for each config's field.
- A `ConfigField` is a class that represents a single config's field name.
```
What do you think?
